https://jeffknupp.com/blog/2013/04/07/improve-your-python-yield-and-generators-explained/

A Python generator is a function which returns a generator iterator (just an object we can iterate over) by calling yield.

yield may be called with a value, in which case that value is treated as the "generated" value.

The next time next() is called on the generator iterator (i.e. in the next step in a for loop, for example),
Rthe generator resumes execution from where it called yield,
not from the beginning of the function.

 All of the state, like the values of local variables, is recovered and the generator continues to
  execute until the next call to yield.

In recent years, generators have grown more powerful as features have been added through PEPs.

  ---Coroutines and Subroutines

  When we call a normal Python function, execution starts at function's first line and continues until a return statement,
   exception, or the end of the function (which is seen as an implicit return None) is encountered.

   Once a function returns control to its caller, that's it. Any work done by the function and stored in local variables is lost.

   A new call to the function creates everything from scratch.

   There are times, though, when it's beneficial to have the ability to create a "function" which,
   instead of simply returning a single value, is able to yield a series of values.
   To do so, such a function would need to be able to "save its work," so to speak.



Note: Outside of Python, all but the simplest generators would be referred to as coroutines.
The important thing to remember is, in Python, everything described here as a coroutine is still a generator.
 Python formally defines the term generator; coroutine is used in discussion but has no formal definition in the language.



   - generators are used to generate a series of values

    - yield is like the return of generator functions
        The only other thing yield does is save the "state" of a generator function

      - A generator is just a special type of iterator

        -Like iterators, we can get the next value from a generator using next()
        for gets values by calling next() implicitly




